So as a first example,
I'm going to make things a little easier by picking
a very particular angle for this car set.
I'm going to pick theta to be
fifty three point one three degrees and D is going to be five meters.
And the reason I picked these numbers is because it turns out that when a car with
a heading of fifty three point one three degrees drives forward by five meters,
if you measure Delta X, and Delta Y,
you'll find they are exactly equal to three meters and four meters.
And in fact if you ever have a right triangle were
one of the angles is fifty three point one three degrees,
the sides will have lengths in these ratios,
three, four, and five.
What this means is that if I ever find that my car is heading of
fifty three point one three degrees and I know how far
it moves forward I'll be able to figure out Delta X and Delta Y.